So we've learned the basics of flask.
We understand what servers do and we also know what browsers do.
But let's be honest here this is kind of boring.
I mean this is not impressive if you show this to a possible employer.
They're going to look at you like a crazy person.
So let's actually build a nice looking portfolio just based on what we've learned up until now.
Now I have a little gift for you.
That is the fact that you won't have to write your own HMO CSX and JavaScript because again this isn't
a web development course.
And luckily for us if you Google and you are online for something like free templates or a simple free
templates you can find some really nice looking Web sites that you can just use for free.
For example let's look at universe over here and I'll link to this resource so you can take a look for
yourself as well.
If I preview it check that out you have a nice little Web site or portfolio page that you can just use.
How cool is that.
And it's actually already tablet and mobile friendly.
So everything is already pre-built for you.
That's pretty cool right.
So how can we use this.
Well let's just download it.
And by the way as you follow along you can actually use whichever one of these you want but for now
let's just use the universe one just because there's a little astronaut here it looks pretty cool.
Let's just download this and see what happens.
All right.
I get a little question saying how do we want to download that template in our case we want to pick
a simple and there you go.
We get a nice little zip folder and now we have this downloading.
So let's open this up and oh boy that's a whole lot of files and folders.
So what should we grab from here.
Well there's a few things first.
This is the sample page.
We actually don't need this so let's just move it to trash.
Next we have assets.
These are well different assets for our page to work such as the astronaut page.
So we'll keep that around
and then we have our HDMI pages which we definitely need and then it looks like we have some javascript
files and CSX files.
Now there's a dot Jeezy here which is what we call a compressed file a g zipped compressed file.
So this is just a way for the server to send a file or the javascript value which you can see is one
hundred and thirty eight kilobytes but in a compressed form.
So 44 kilobytes.
So this way we're sending less data to the front end and then we also have something like map which
actually helps us during debugging but in our case we don't need to worry about this for now.
So let's just remove all the G's to and map files so we'll move those to trash so that we only have
once the SS file and one JavaScript file and then all the other ones are HCM all files for our different
pages.
Now what we're going to do is we're going to copy this and move it to our project folder.
Remember this folder over here.
So ideally we move the HMO files into the templates and the static files.
That is the CSF and JavaScript files and maybe the assets in here.
So that is the images in here.
So let's do that.
I have my web server here.
I'm going to first just copy and paste while we just copy and let's move all our HCM Mal files into
our templates and you know what.
Let's remove our existing templates as well because we don't need them anymore.
We have the pretty atrium off on the and then just have all of these we have a new index that HMO that
is going to be a lot prettier than our all Web site.
So we want to use that.
So let's move all that into templates and then let's do the J.S. and CSF file as well as the assets
folder into the static awesome.
So now that we have that setup let's go back to our project and look at that.
We have a lot more HCM all that we have in Britain but luckily it's already created for us.
Now the last bit of setup is that because we moved our files around we need to adjust the links between
the ACM LCROSS javascript and all the asset files.
So if we scroll which we go to index dot HMO we see that we're looking for the father con in assets
fab icon but because this is in static folder we have to add static in here so let's find where else
we're using the assets in here.
All right so it looks like let's make this a little bit bigger so it looks like here for our background
image we're once again looking for the space image but that's as we know in the static folder.
And let's see where else we have.
Well we have over here as well let's do static let's keep going.
Static.
All right.
Everything is all good.
Now we have the static folder and we have to make sure we add a slash in front of a dot dot just means
current directory and then look in the static folder.
So let's go back.
Make sure we do that for everything.
There we go and there we go.
Now let's save this.
And I don't think we're completely done yet but for now let's go into our server dot pi and for our
home route let's remove what we've had before and let's just call it my home function.
That takes no parameters.
And instead it's just going to return for us our index dot A.T.M. with no past in parameters so let's
save go back to our page or my Web site and see what we get when we refresh rate.
That's a pretty pretty ugly Web site but it looks like at least we're displaying something.
But right away we noticed that it looks like there's no CSX being applied.
It looks like we have some mainstream all but the links aren't working either so once again this is
because we have to update the links between the files.
So what we'll do is actually go back to index start ECMO and in the head tag we see that we have our
style sheet our CSX file.
But again we have to update this to have it in the static folder as well as the javascript file which
if we scroll all the way to the bottom we have the J.S. file here which once again will be in the static
folder.
All right let's save and go back and see if that makes things better.
Look at that.
That's pretty cool.
Mind you this looks a little big because I increase the size of my web site by doing command plus and
minus just so we can see better but that's pretty awesome.
Now if I click on let's say works hmm.
I get work workstation HMO does not exist.
So how can we fix that.
We already know how to do that.
Right.
All we need to do is to update these different routes so that it points to the appropriate template.
Now in the next video I'll show you how to do that.
But I want you to attempt to do this yourself because we've learned this by now.
So try to make the Web site work exactly like we had it over here on our mash up templates and I'll
see you in the next video.